here are three productized agency ideas
you can use to get to $10,000 per month
by the end of 2024 idea short form
content editing agency you'll Target
business owners that are looking to
build their brand online sell them a
fixed number of videos for a certain
price per month to up with ideas scripts
and edit the videos for them even
consider posting them for them upsell
them on long form editing for YouTube
YouTube thumbnails and extra video
request per month to do this you have to
learn how to ideate write scripts and
edit videos idea two a I automation
agency sell a pack of AI automations to
business owners that help them complete
boring daily tasks things like
onboarding new clients announcer
reporting or meeting summaries help sell
them on unlimited automation requests
per month as well as custom dashboards
and tools to do this you'll need to
learn how to use make.com zape and gum
Loop idea three unlimited copyrighting
agency operators are hard to hire and
often expensive offer unlimited copy for
a fixed price per mon WR ads emails DSL
scripts anything they can use in their
marketing